# A-secure-retrieval-model-
A secure retrieval model for cloud storage service
Background
Cloud storage service allows users to store data in a remote server, enabling services such as data backup, data confidentiality, and dynamic storage space. However, ensuring the integrity and security of data is a concern for most users. Thus, some users encrypt their data and store them in a cloud server. In this case, some useful functions (retrieval, sharing, etc.) will be affected. Additionally, increasing users not only pay attention to the security of data but also focus on protecting their data usage habits, such as the protection of retrieval information. To this end, in this study, we propose a cloud service-oriented secure retrieval model by designing an index file and introducing a third-party trusted server to manage and update the index file, which realizes the protection of retrieval information and the sharing of encrypted data.
we propose a secure retrieval model for cloud storage service (CSS). Its purpose is to retrieve encrypted data stored on the CS and ensure the hiding of the retrieval information to prevent CSPs and third parties from obtaining the retrieval information and improve the protection of data privacy. In this model, we introduce a management server between the user and CSP, which is mainly responsible for the retrieval and uploading functions. The management server is a trusted server, and the retrieval function is based on metadata. We designed an index file to manage such metadata. The metadata includes file information, directory information, keywords, owners, and file storage addresses on the CS. To prevent the CS from obtaining the file information by the corresponding file name, the file name will be replaced by random bytes before uploading to the CS. Index files are stored in a semiciphertext format. 
To realize the CP-ABE-based secure retrieval model for CSS, we wrote the client, management server, and CS system programs in PHP and invoked the CP-ABE toolkit (version xx) to implement the encryption and decryption functions of the management server.
